what's up guys butan guy here bringing
you a post p 0 comment commentary
actually not p 0 or my saying it's a
showdown against crawdaunt and look at
the team preview it's pretty obvious
he's actually running a grass monotype
team and although it doesn't look too
serious he has a lot of really good
threats in there so it's just like a
tech bloom and he also is carrying the
bonus encounter another whether teams
I'm carrying rain myself as well as tech
blue ditto to counter sweepers among
other things and special defensive
jirachi as well as true specs tornadus
and a dragon named Haxorus so really
what I'm most afraid of on his team is
his Ludicolo because it can take
advantage of my reign and do a lot of
damage and I'm also sort of afraid of
his whimsicott because really those can
just be really irritating and paralyzed
some of my sweepers that would be really
important to me such as my tornadus
considering that his entire team is
grass he does nothing to resist a stab
hurricane coming off of my tornado so my
teammates will be a really important
threat for the entire game so without
further ado let's get right into it so
I'm laid off with my politoed as he's
gonna lead off with his Ludicolo and I
know giga drain is coming but I decided
to stay and just take it and put him to
sleep with hypnosis and that works out
in my favor perfectly even though that
was sort of risky because I just would
might have missed it worked out in my
favor in the end so um I'm gonna encore
him into the Giga Drain now that he's
sleeping so I'll be able to switch into
my tornadus easier and be able to get a
kill something off with the hurricane
without any issues so he could switch in
his moment but obviously doesn't want to
run the risk of hurricane hitting and
losing the weather war so instead he
goes into his ferrothorn basically
stacks it and because enjoy specs this
will be a solid to a KO
in the fair thorne which is great and
next I believe he does go into his a
boma snow in order to get at the hale
and the way he brought it in I'm
thinking his scarf and I just had to
just go to my drop to take the incoming
blizzard and I didn't take it fine and I
know this which is coming so I just
decided to go for the body slam and I
get the paralysis on the whimsicott
which really doesn't matter considering
he stills prankster but it's good
information from you know that my
balloon can outspeed it now with its
priority mark lunch and here I kind of
make a dumb play I stayed in good for
the iron head forgetting that prankster
will still make sure he's faster than me
so I really really don't want my draw to
Paradise just yet so I go into my
politoed and he predicts that really
nicely and goes from sunny day and I'm
kind of scared because I see that he's
running multiple weather on his team and
he's going to bring in his venusaur
pretty obviously take advantage so now
I'm gonna go to my draw to paducah
switching the Venus or and uh taking it
too far not great but really my goal was
to bodyslam the Venus or and get the
pair of hacks on it so now I make a
really really bad play a really
questionable play what I did was I went
my positive for some reason thing you
can't hurt me and I'm not sure why I
decided to stay in for big gains switch
and go force called honestly I don't
know what my thought process was there
but um he's just gonna be able to take
me out stab giga drain and i bet so
pollito goes down as i go to metra natus
just a revenge hill with the Venus or
and obviously doesn't have anything that
wants to switch it on the hurricane and
he's now going to go to his bowmen snow
I can't stay in i'm gonna go into my ID
it out Justin see what kind of said it
is but it catches me really off guard
here and goes for the HP fire and that
takes my dinner right out which really
does suck so now I'm going to go in my
Haxorus now that knowing that he's
locked in a more likely to be fire and
try to get up drag names but I do
realize that it slows the whimsicott
which can just stuns for me so I do to
just decide to go for the brick break
and get some mutual damage on it as I
now switch into my jirachi take the
sun's forth because I don't really need
to drop you as much anymore I just
needed to take kids from the Bowman
stone that's about it
um whoa lag so he's gonna go for the
Encore I'm not one hundred percent sure
why but I do code for the wish and I
guess it was expecting me to wish and
you want to lock me into this but I just
want to wish past my tornadus because my
biggest threat i have against him and he
gets paralyzed paralyzed that term which
is good for me although i still think he
would have gone for sons for regardless
and you just die from the hail which is
really handy for me so now i go to my
jirachi in order to take the blizzard
and it does come my way so I believe
here I just go for the body slam and on
the incoming ludicolo but unfortunately
for me I get fully paralyzed not that it
really mattered that much he's looming
coolers and nearly as threatening
without rain back it up so he's gonna be
able to take me out the surf here as I'm
just gonna go back into my I think my
tornadus he asked my turn and I'm just
gonna risk the hurricane it does lan
which is really good for me I'll get
that Ludicolo right out of the way and
now he goes in this bomb stuff I have to
sac something he's all like people are
weak to ice and I just had to go into my
haxorus let it die so that happens and
now i'm going to go in remember loom
because I've priority mark punch I
m.tech the loom and he does switch in
his balloon know he can take it and
really I don't trust taking a extra life
for Damon or losing his feet I because
this balloon is really important for me
taking out my moments don't just have to
go my tornadus and I just barely hang on
mock punch early i'll be able to barely
hang on to its life after another one
and take him out with the hidden power
ice just to be safe and so it's a double
down thanks to hail knock me out the
stirred and i'm gonna be able to go into
my room and kill him off with the mock
lunch for game see how those the game
guys and really that monocyte seems
really well built in skelly and scary so
i'll give you a credit for that prod on
that was pretty challenging so yeah guys
I'll see you guys later peace
you